The Joe Rogan experience.
My balls was hot. One was the famous one. I don't.
Remember that one. <laugh>.
So how's things.
Man. Things been crazy. You've been really, I can.
Only imagine. Yeah. After that knockout of Curtis blades, like, uh, whew.
I mean, that, that got a lot of attention.
Oh yeah. Yeah. And it felt real good.
Good to knock him out because he was talking a lot of trash before the fight.
Isn't that like par for the course though, everybody talks before the fight.
Um, even whenever I'm doing good though,
he been talking at least three years now he been talking mess to me. Really?
Yeah.
Do you take that personally?
Um, I, I do because I'm not in there trying to sell tickets.
Don't just come to me, try to sell tickets to talk trash. You know,
I take everything personal.
Yeah. Some guys do just try to sell tickets and then they they'll say it's not
personal. It's just like, when KIB mcg ran off was up Connor.
When he was on top of him, pounding on him, going,
let's talk now let's talk now. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. And he goes,
it's just business. You know, it's like, this is not business. No.
No. I go in into every fight, like life or death. And I go in,
I enter a deep dark place every time I step inside the octagon.
So it's not business for.
Me. What was interesting is after the fight, I mean,
there was just such a spectacular knockout,
but after the fight you were so nonchalant,
you were just so relaxed and you like,
I couldn't get started in there and everybody's like,
what the are you talking about? You couldn't get started. You just,
it was one of the most spectacular knockouts in the history of the heavyweight
division. And you're like, ah, I couldn't get started.
Yeah. Um, so I went back home and got my blood and everything tested.
And my T levels was like in the 300 S so I had
very low T so it's like, you mean testosterone?
Yes. You mm-hmm <affirmative> have low testosterone. Yes. That's ridiculous.
Yeah. I would never, if you had, if I was gonna make a bet <laugh>.
<Laugh> it's so like, I try to spend all my energy on my wife.
So it's the hard, cause if I don't have the energy for her,
then she'll think I'm out there messing around and stuff like that. So, so do.
They know why your testosterone was low? Um, maybe overtrained or something?
No, I don't. We, we don't know yet,
so I want to go to another doctor that the lady was just telling me about. Oh.
Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. So that's why you lethargic. Yes.
It was, it was like that all week. So at first I was,
I thought it was the jet lag or something like that, but,
and it ended up just me, my T levels.
That was like one of the most, perfectly timed up cuts I've ever seen.
It was perfect.
Yeah. We practiced that for the last few months. So that was.
The game plan when he shoots to catch him in? Yes.
Either the knee or the upper cut. Um, we knew he was going to be there.
We knew he was gonna try to play the game, try to stand up for a little bit,
then the way he shoots, he don't really shoot like, um,
a real wrestler he shoots like from the hip down and come in like that he
doesn't bend a knee and try to come in. Mm.
That's interesting. So he goes, he hinges, he goes forward. Yes.
Why do you think he does that?
Um, I don't know. I don't know. Cause usually the wrestlers,
they drop a knee then shoots. Yeah.
<affirmative> but he just bend down and I'm guessing he was just trying to grab
my leg to pick it up or something like that. I don't know. So how.
How did you get involved in fighting? What was your first experiences?
First experience was like, cause everyone knew I loved fighting in the streets,
like every weekend at parties and stuff like that.
And so one of my friends that told me, um, about MMA and I was like,
I didn't really know anything about MMA at the time. And he, he took,
how long ago was it videos? It's like 10 years ago.
Did you have any martial arts training at.
All? No, I don't. I, I still don't have any martial arts. Really?
<laugh> that's.
Ridiculous. Of course you do.
You're professional martial arts. I'm watching YouTube videos now.
So I'm learning some stuff now. Really?
Yeah. You're not, you're not around like really you learn from YouTube.
Videos. I learned, I learned from my coach as well,
but I watch YouTube videos and stuff like that too.
So 10 years ago you had no martial arts training at all? No.
Martial training.
And where did you first start training?
I started training at a gym called civil back MMA.
And so this was 10 years ago. Mm-hmm <affirmative> you just decided to learn?
Were you thinking about being a professional? Were you just doing it for fun?
Um, they say that back then, I thought like 500, 500 was pretty good money,
you know? So they were saying that you could get paid, um, $500. Um,
just three rounds or three minutes. I said just three minutes.
I didn't think three minutes was a long time until I got in there. It's like.
Okay. <laugh> and so we just started training from there though,
and I fell in love with it. So to me it is almost like street fighting.
So it's like, yeah, I could do that.
Well,
one of the things that's changed about you over the years is you're enduring
your endurance is it came up in a big way.
Like you can see in the Gabriel Gonzo fight,
you can see in a lot of your fights. Like you can,
you can put pressure on people now and,
and you have a lot of high volume with which in the beginning of your career,
I think you had a harder time with.
Oh yeah. And so that's really what we focus on now at, um, main street boxing,
gym, it's my, um, conditioning and my endurance and stuff like that.
Cause we feel like that's the only weakness, um, in my game right now. Yeah.
But it is like, you're so big. I don't even know if it's a weakness.
I think it's just part of being a giant person, you know? Yeah. Yeah.
But the Travis brown, fight's another example.
Like that was a crazy fast-paced fight, but you, you know,
you overwhelmed him.
Yeah. Yeah. Um, <laugh> I love that fight too. Before the,
this, this past fight with cur, that was one of my favorite and
that that week going into Travis brown fight, I took some laxatives, um,
just try to help me cut some weight, but you know,
I took it that Wednesday and you was still lingering around. So it's like, man,
he kicked me in my body, but he also broke my rails,
but I also did have to take a that day <laugh> so I wasn't lying about that.
So yeah. <laugh> that was.
A ridiculous interview though. Yeah, that fight was, uh,
that was, that was a heavy duty fight. It was a lot of bad blood in that.
Fight too, right? Yes. And ever since then, like whenever I do my, um,
you know how they come in few days before the commentaries try to talk to you
mm-hmm <affirmative> and ever since then I stopped telling the,
the guys was my game plan and stuff like that.
Cause I didn't know him and Brian staying at the time was friends. And so,
oh, our game plan was to come in and try to, um,
to kick his legs because he used to stand real wide mm-hmm <affirmative> but
whenever me and him fought, he didn't stand like that at all. Like not one time.
So you think Brian, Stan went.
To him and told him I believe so. I believe so. Oh, Brian. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
<laugh> that's kind of dirty. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So.
And he didn't tell you his strategy.
No, he didn't. Brian's.
So <laugh> I'm just believe that's that was the case catch.
New episodes that Joe Rogans experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.